

When we think of float center we think of:


Passion, clarity, unique experiences, spaceousness, senerity, oneness, openness, freedom, relaxation, clamness, tranquility,  \\

It is our mission to provide the Columbia area with a space to experience nothingness.  When you remove all distractions you can expose layers of clarity, tranquility, relaxation, and creativity that you may have never noticed before.  Floating can be a great experience to get to know yourself and connect with the world around you.

We started the business because we had a passion and drive to bring the benefits of floating to the city of Columbia a place that we love and call home. Clarity Float Spa is not just a place to float but a community where you can feel at home even when you're not floating.


Some of the uses of the float tank include:
Meditation, recovery from workouts, creative inspiration, relaxation, introspection, super learning, sensory reset, etc.


THE TANKS:

We have two different types of tanks to provide customers with a safe and comfortable environment.


The Pro Float Cabin is ideal for people with clostrophobia since it is tall enough to stand up in.  Customizable floats to provide you with the most comfortable experience possible.  The Dream Pod has a futuristic and sleek design with spacious interior allowing you to have a great float experience.


FAQ:

How it the water filtered?

After each float we run the filtration system which will pump the water through a mechanical filter at least three cycles while utalizing the combination of hydrogen peroxide and UV which helps remove potential pathogens from the water.

What should I expect?
Each individual experience is different usually it is best to not expect anything specific.

What happens after I arrive at the float center?
First you should arrive about 10 minutes before your float to get aquainted with the space.  You can enjoy some tea or water while you chat with a team member about the floating process.  When your float room is ready you will be taken back and will learn about what to do before and after your float.  After the float is over feel free to hangout, read, chat, sip tea, and bask in the post float glow.

Is floating for me?
Floating is for anyone with an open mind.

What if I'm on my period?
Take the same precauations that you would when going to a swimming pool.

What if I'm pregnant?
Always consult with your doctor first but many pregnant women have claimed a greater sense of connection with their child during the float experience.





The basics:
Swimsuit not necessary

Nothing to bring everything is provided including (towel, ear plugs, shampoo, conditioner, and q-tips)

As little caffeine as possible before.

Light meal an hour before your float (not necessary)

An open mind
